Feature/devcred 660 [affiliation-merchant-addresses-list] (#11)
stone-payments/affiliation-web-components: packages/affiliation-merchant-addresses/README.md

This component renders a card element with the merchant contacts information within. It table basic components as content wrapper.

## Usage

This is how you set the component into the project html structure

```html
    <!-- component wrapper page location -->
    <affiliation-merchant-addresses
        affiliationCode="">
    </affiliation-merchant-addresses>
```

> The *affiliationCode* atributes are mandatory for the component to make the correct request to the integrated api and populate it with data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The *affiliationCode* attribute is mandatory for the component to make the correct request to the integrated API and populate it with data.
```
